docs(material/dialog): add a11y section about manual focus restoration (#21011)
angular/components: src/material/dialog/dialog.md

Tabbing through the elements of the dialog will keep focus inside of the dialog element,
wrapping back to the first tabbable element when reaching the end of the tab sequence.

> ### Focus Restoration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Focus Restoration
```
h4 so that it's under the Accessibility header

> After closing a dialog the focus is restored to the last focused element before the dialog was opened. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon closing, the dialog returns focus to the element that had focus when the dialog opened.
In some cases, however, this previously focused element no longer exists in the DOM, such as
menu items. To manually restore focus to an appropriate element in such cases ...
```
Eliminates some passive voice

However this will not work if the dialog is opened from a transient element (eg. a menu item). If you 
would like to restore the focus to a different element (eg. menu trigger), you can disable `restoreFocus` 
in `MatDialogConfig` either by setting it into the `open` method or passing it in as the value of 

> `MAT_DIALOG_DEFAULT_OPTIONS` in the providers.

Reviewer: I wouldn't recommend `MAT_DIALOG_DEFAULT_OPTIONS` since this is more of an edge case and that would change the configuration more broadly.

> Then you can return the focus manually by subscribing to the `afterClosed` observable after on `MatDialogRef`.

Reviewer 2: "the focus" -> "focus"
"observable after on" -> "observable on"
